feat: Add Profiling Support with gperftools (#1274)
acts-project/acts: docs/getting_started.md

Other options are also
available and are discussed in the [Building Acts](#building-acts) section.

> The prerequisites for profiling the ACTS project with gperftools are detailed in docs/howto/profiling.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prerequisites for profiling the ACTS project with gperftools are detailed [here](howto/profiling.md).
```
but I don't know if that works when converting to readthedocs.

Reviewer: I hope not: `getting_started.md` is Markdown after all. But I don't know what defines if something gets added to readthedocs. Maybe @robertlangenberg can advise.

| ACTS_BUILD_EVERYTHING               | Build with most options enabled (except HepMC3 and documentation)                                     |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_CUDA              | Build CUDA plugin                                                                                     |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_DD4HEP            | Build DD4hep geometry plugin                                                                          |

> | ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_EXATRKX           | Build Exa.TrkX plugin                                                                                 |

Reviewer: Sorry, I'm really nit-picking, but what changed here? Better maybe to leave unchanged text without invisibe changes.

| ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_EIGEN3              | Use the system eigen3 libraries (defaults to ON)                                                      |
| ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_VECMEM              | Use system provided vecmem installation                                                               |
| ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_PYBIND11            | Use pybind11 installed in the system                                                                  |

> | ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_ACTSDD4HEP          | Use ActsDD4hep glue library externally (and don't include it in the build)                            |                            

Reviewer: another invisible change

Author: Comparing the two file versions in main and this branch shows no change to line `279`. Not sure why the line is highlighted as being changed.
